Staking Page update (#3037)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-staking.md

However, there is a probabilistic component to reward calculation (discussed below), so rewards may
not be exactly equal for all validators in a given era.

> Distribution of the rewards are pro-rata to all stakers after the validator payment is deducted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Distribution of the rewards are pro-rata to all stakers after the validator's commission is deducted.
```
